V7 to 8 migration (#1727)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Getting-Started/Setup/Upgrading/version-specific.md

In Umbraco 8 we have added improvements and updated dependencies as well as done a thorough clean-up to make it simpler for you to work with and extend your Umbraco project. 

### Migrating content from v7 to v8

> If you have a v7 site you can migrate the content to a v8.1+ site, read how to do it in our [Content migration to v8 guide](upgrading-to-v8.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an Umbraco 7 site you can migrate the content to an Umbraco 8.1+ site. Read how to do it in our [Content migration to v8 guide](upgrading-to-v8.md).
```
